Verse 1:
too easy to hate nowadays, mans probably liked his track but is getting dissed like he worked on Disney channel with Jeffrey and Diddy at his side

Verse 2:
chours is tough

Verse 3:
Sounds like that Chinese SpongeBob song super idol lmaooo

Verse 4:
Yall haters fr this song fire!! 
On everyone's soul except mine this shit fire
I don't know why people are hating this song it's fire 
so good so fire!!
I'm gonna lie this is fire 
ngl it fire

Verse 5:
STILL NO EPSTEIN LIST

Verse 6:
this song is ass

Verse 7:
"I don't know no nothing"  my mans spittin trash 

Verse 8:
Guys we need the top comment to ratio a video for once just do it
Thick of it 
Sick of it 
Sick of it.
We are all " Thick(Sick) of it " 
I should have this shit play on loop when I go for a run and I can only turn it off when I run 10 miles Ty KSI for making music so ass I'm motivated to do this  100 likes and I do it
The fuck is this 2009 avici shit
I love it
Straight up fire, extinguish it 

Verse 9:
Lowkey 2k24 intro music slaps harder than this
BRO COOKED SO HARD I GOT LOSE MOTION HEARING THIS  
this song is so bad my baby cousin cried when hearing this

Verse 10:
When i die and go to hell im gonna play this so Satan give me to heaven

Verse 11:
0:53 IS THE START OF THE GOOFIEST PART

Verse 12:
woah woah woah

Verse 13:
Tfw you run out of money for features.

Verse 14:
2017 ahh music
Roblox outro ahh music
Disney villain ahh music
credits aah music
That 2010 ahhh music
This is the end isnt it? Ahh music 
Goofy ah music

Verse 15:
This is good everyone is jealous man you killed the chorus and the singing good singing from a UK person for sure

Verse 16:
Thick of it 
Turning it off 
They need to play this at my funeral I'll get out of the coffin to turn this shit off

Verse 17:
1:49 "ain't nobody gonna save you" more like ain't nobody gonna save lunchly

Verse 18:
It sounds like a 2018 night core song 
Im the alpha Im the leader ahh song 
By this point the comments are more artistic than this song
2017 Minecraft YouTuber intro ahh song 
"Dream roadtrip" ahh song 
Vilonts are red roses are blue i just wasted my time on this bad song
Censoring anyone who criticises your song 
bro british with no music talent im finna make a tycoon on roblox with this song
Disney Villain  ahh song

Verse 19:
This is Ear abuse.

Verse 20:
This shit caused the hurricane

Verse 21:
Me in 2016 wouldve been jamming to this on LOOP 

Verse 22:
0:53

Verse 23:
'From the screen to the ring to the pen to the king' goes insanely hard
(Timestamp is 0:52)

Verse 24:
Music is getting by KSI

Verse 25:
"Kid if you dont sleep i will definately play this"- AVG INDIAN MOM

Verse 26:
KSI 
KMS 

Verse 27:
I watched the whole 2 minute and 41 second of this song and hated it, but spent 40 minute reading the comment and I'm already down 2 buckets of popcorn, most entertaining thing so far this year.

Verse 28:
Where's my crown, that's my bling, talking about that shiny forhead

Verse 29:


Verse 30:
on a serious note this is the worst thing thats happened since prime
Bro serious note. Work on pronouncing the words. We can't understand what you're saying. It's like mumble rapping but with a British accent and you're eating at the same time.

Verse 31:
100k dislikes btw

Verse 32:
Yo, KSI! We might be on different timezones. Trash pickup day is tomorrow for me.

Verse 33:
I am sick of it KSI stop we dont need another one
Not even tryna be funny this shi is fire why everyone making fun
roblox tycoons gon have a field day with this one

Verse 34:
Ts so ass I considered suicide

Verse 35:
Guys stop making fun of KSI he just gave deaf people a reason to be happy
Blood, I dunno if you are gonna read this in the sea of hate, but I genuinely like this song.
Dont stress on the haters lad, hate it or love it, you livin in peoples heads rent free. You won already.
Remember the old maxim: any publicity is good publicity.
Ngl as much as this is getting hated online, this song is genuinely catchy and still way better than Lamborghini

Verse 36:
I mean it's not at all

Verse 37:
This sucks
this sucks

Verse 38:
Lkhra

Verse 39:
I mean It's still better than Taylor Swift 

Verse 40:
Bro. 3 Seconds. I wanna self escapism.
This song really embodies the feeling of diving head-first into a shallow part of a pool and hitting your head at the bottom.

Verse 41:
Yo ksi i lnow you have. Been getting lots of hate but i think its fire just remember all these people are just haters they dont like you so they hate on you but i love it keep it up

Verse 42:
what's with the SpongeBob font 

Verse 43:
Goes hard on mute

Verse 44:
Moja babcia piewa lepiej

Verse 45:
This is the type of shit a PE teacher thinks would go hard whilst doing circuit training.

Verse 46:
This is so trash it made youtube comments funny again
My son died, he heard this and woke up, He turned this off. and died again

Verse 47:
The song is actually fine but the ARTIST ummmm....

Verse 48:
THANK GOD I HAVE HEARING LOSS 

Verse 49:
bajs

Verse 50:
trippie washed bru what happened to love scars 

Verse 51:
Its al apart of the plan. KSI makes people deaf through his music, and Mr Beast makes money from making videos of him curing the deaf! They then both make food like lunchly, prime and feastables to then make more videos of them curing children! Absolutely genius.

Verse 52:
Love the song bro dont listen to the hate

Verse 53:
The Part You All Have Been Waiting For! 0:53

Verse 54:
We goin to dislike till 100k with this one  lets go guys dislike his songs

Verse 55:
Genuinely the worst song ever made congrats big forehead fifa pack boy!!!!

Verse 56:
Ok

Verse 57:
even lil nas x made better music than this crap

Verse 58:
AND THE CROWD GOES MILD!!! 

Verse 59:
Reply with the "best" music ever if its dogshit

